
1) Explain REST and RESTful

REST means Representational State Transfer. It’s an architectural pattern for creating web services. 
A RESTful service is one that implements that pattern.

2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, etc.)

For the creation of a web API, the HTTP protocol or HTTPS (the secure version of HTTP) is used. The protocol consists of 
sending a client request to the server. The request consists of a header and a body.
The header is composed of an HTTP verb (GET, POST, PUT, etc.) that indicates the action of the request.
To access certain data it is necessary to authenticate with a valid authentication header.

Server responses are possible in different formats such as xml, yaml or json. The server can return several types of return codes.
The 2xx codes correspond to a valid request. The 4xx codes correspond to an error in the client request and the 5xx codes correspond 
to an error at the server level.

3) Explain HTTP requests types when used with RESTful web (GET, PUT, POST, etc.)

GET: To retrieve a resource from the server.
PUT: To change the state of a resource or to update it. 
POST: To create a resource on the server.
PATCH: To update the state of a resource from the server.
DELETE: To remove or delete a resource from the server.

4) Explain the difference between stateless and stateful protocol. Which type of protocol is HTTP ?

The stateless protocol does not require the server to retain server information or session details, unlike the stateful protocol.
In stateless protocols there is a close dependency between the server and the client.
Stateful protocol design makes the server implementation very complex and complicated, while stateless protocol design simplifies it.
Contrary to stateful, stateless protocols work better at the time of a crash because no state needs to be restored, a failed server can simply restart.
Stateless protocols handle the transaction very quickly and stateless protocols handle the transaction very slowly.
So stateless protocols are easy to implement on the Internet and stateless protocols are logically more cumbersome to implement on the Internet.

HTTP is stateless protocol.

5) Explain the difference between a GET and a POST (like how are sent the parameters)

In case of a POST request, a large amount of data can be sent because the data is sent in the body. While a GET request, 
only a limited amount of data can be sent because the data is sent in the header. 
The POST request is most secure than GET request because the data is not exposed in the URL bar.
The GET request is more efficient and used more than POST.
Data from a GET request can be cached in the browser.

6) You can’t work out how to solve a coding problem. What do you do to find the answer?

If I can't find the answer to a problem, I first look on the Internet if someone has already solved it or a similar problem. 
Then if I still haven't found it I will ask my colleagues at work, if they have a different idea and/or a different vision to bring to me about the problem.